Add a page for HTMLMediaElement.preservesPitch (#14183)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmediaelement/index.md

- {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement.preload")}}
  - : Is a {{domxref("DOMString")}} that reflects the {{htmlattrxref("preload", "video")}} HTML attribute, indicating what data should be preloaded, if any. Possible values are: `none`, `metadata`, `auto`.
- {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement.preservesPitch")}}

>   - : Is a {{jsxref('Boolean')}} that determines if the pitch of the sound will be preserved. If set to `false`, the pitch will adjust to the speed of the audio..

Reviewer: It doesn't return the wrapper object but a boolean value (We have plenty of these errors with DOMString and Boolean all over the place, we fix them little by little for the moment)

```suggestion
  - : Is a boolean value that determines if the pitch of the sound will be preserved. If set to `false`, the pitch will adjust to the speed of the audio.
```
